Fix grammar (#2078)
flyteorg/flyte: rsts/community/troubleshoot.rst

Troubles with ``flytectl sandbox start``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

- The process hangs at ``Waiting for Flyte to become ready...`` for a while; OR
- The process ends with a message ``Timed out while waiting for the datacatalog rollout to be created``

**Potential causes**

> - Your Docker daemon is constrained on disk, memory or CPU potentially. Why Docker? refer to :ref:`deployment-sandbox`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Your Docker daemon is constrained on disk, memory, or CPU. Why Docker? Refer to :ref:`deployment-sandbox`.
```

> - A simple solution reclaim disk from Docker - `docs <https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/commandline/system_prune/>`__ ::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Reclaim disk space using the following command ::
```
Let's have the two solutions below the issue.

   docker system prune [OPTIONS]

> - Another simple solution is to increase mem/CPU available for Docker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Increase mem/CPU available for Docker.
```

**Debug yourself**

> - Sandbox is a Docker container that runs Kubernetes and Flyte in it. So you can simply use ``exec`` .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Sandbox is a Docker container that runs Kubernetes and Flyte in it. So you can simply ``exec`` into it,
```
Below, modify "Inside the container you can run::" to "and run::"

Troubles with ``flytectl sandbox start``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

- The process hangs at ``Waiting for Flyte to become ready...`` for a while; OR
- The process ends with a message ``Timed out while waiting for the datacatalog rollout to be created``

> - To fix this:

Reviewer: Can you move this block to "debug yourself"? Also, can you add bullet points to the "debug yourself" section? There's only one now.

 kubectl get pods -n flyte

> You can check on the Pending pods and perform a detailed check as to why the scheduler is failing. This could also affect your workflows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can check on the pending pods and perform a detailed check as to why a pod is failing.
```

> Also you can simply export this variable to use local kubectl::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, you can simply export this variable to use local kubectl::
```

 export KUBECONFIG=$HOME/.flyte/k3s/k3s.yaml

Another useful way to debug Docker is::

 docker system df

Troubles with ``flyte sandbox`` log viewing
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> - When testing locally using ``flyte sandbox`` command, one way to view the logs is using ``Kubernetes Logs (User)`` in the FlyteConsole. 
> - This would take you to the Kubernetes dashboard, and require a login.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When testing locally using the ``flyte sandbox`` command, one way to view the logs is using the ``Kubernetes Logs (User)``option on the Flyte Console. 
- This takes you to the Kubernetes dashboard which requires a login.
```

.. note::

>    There is a ``skip`` button, which will take you straight to the logs without logging in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   There is a ``skip`` button that takes you straight to the logs without logging in.
```

> Troubles with ``make start`` command in Flytesnacks

Reviewer: @SmritiSatyanV, can you remove this section? Can you add ` kubectl describe po <pod-name> -n flyte` command below "You can check on the pending pods and perform a detailed check as to why a pod is failing." in the first section?

   You can run ``make teardown`` followed by the ``make start`` command.

- If the ``make start`` command isn't proceeding by any chance, check the pods' statuses by running this command

  ::

   docker exec flyte-sandbox kubectl get po -A
- If you think a pod has crashed or evicted by any chance, describe the pod by running the command which gives the detailed overview of the pod's status

  ::

   docker exec flyte-sandbox kubectl describe po <pod-name> -n flyte

- If Kubernetes reports a disk pressure issue: (node.kubernetes.io/disk-pressure)

- Check the memory stats of the Docker container using the command ``docker exec flyte-sandbox df -h``.
- Prune the images and volumes.
- Given there is less than 10% free disk space, Kubernetes, by default, throws the disk pressure error.

Troubles with FlyteCTL command within proxy setting
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> - FlyteCTL uses GRPC APIs of the FlyteAdmin to administer Flyte resources and in case of proxy settings, it uses an additional CONNECT handshake at GRPC layer to perfrom the same. Additonal info is available `here <https://github.com/grpc/grpc-go/blob/master/Documentation/proxy.md>`__

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- FlyteCTL uses GRPC APIs of Flyte Admin to administer Flyte resources and in the case of proxy settings, it uses an additional ``CONNECT`` handshake at the GRPC layer to perform the same. Additional info is available `here <https://github.com/grpc/grpc-go/blob/master/Documentation/proxy.md>`__.
```

> - On Windows environment it has been noticed that ``NO_PROXY`` variable doesn't work to bypass the proxy settings. `This <https://github.com/grpc/grpc/issues/9989>`__ GRPC issue provides additional details though it doesn't seem to have been tested on Windows yet. Inorder to get around this issue, unset both the ``HTTP_PROXY`` and ``HTTPS_PROXY`` variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- On the Windows environment, it has been noticed that the ``NO_PROXY`` variable doesn't bypass the proxy settings. `This <https://github.com/grpc/grpc/issues/9989>`__ GRPC issue provides additional details, though it doesn't seem to have been tested on Windows yet. To get around this issue, unset both the ``HTTP_PROXY`` and ``HTTPS_PROXY`` variables.
```

> Troubles with ``flytectl`` command with Cloudfare DNS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Troubles with FlyteCTL commands with Cloudflare DNS
```

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> - FlyteCTL throws permission error with Cloudfare DNS endpoint
> - Cloudflare instance by default would proxy the requests and would filter out GRPC.
> - You have two options: 
>     - Either enable grpc in the network tab; OR
>     - Turn off the proxy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- FlyteCTL throws permission error with Cloudflare DNS endpoint
- Cloudflare instance by default proxies the requests and filters out GRPC
- To fix this: 
    - Enable GRPC in the network tab; OR
    - Turn off the proxy
```

> Troubles with ``flytectl`` command with auth enabled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Troubles with FlyteCTL commands with auth enabled
```

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> - The ``flytectl`` command uses OpenID connect if auth is enabled in the Flyte environment.
> - It opens an ``HTTP`` server port on localhost:53593. It has a callback endpoint for the OpendID connect server to call into for the response.
> - If the callback server call fails, please check if ``flytectl`` failed to run the server.
> - Verify if you have an entry for localhost in your ``/etc/hosts`` file.
> - It could also mean that the call back took longer and FlyteCTL deadline expired on the wait which defaults to 15 secs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- FlyteCTL commands use OpenID connect if auth is enabled in the Flyte environment
- It opens an ``HTTP`` server port on localhost:53593. It has a callback endpoint for the OpenID connect server to call into for the response
    - If the callback server call fails, please check if FlyteCTL failed to run the server
    - Verify if you have an entry for localhost in your ``/etc/hosts`` file
    - It could also mean that the callback took longer and the FlyteCTL deadline expired on the wait which defaults to 15 secs
```

.. NOTE::

>       More coming soon. Stay tuned 👀

Reviewer: Can we remove this?

> What if none of the above methods solved my issue?

Reviewer: Can we have "i need help" only cause it's short and easy to read?
